README.md, before:

# Crypto App
This is an app demonstrating some of the features that I am able to work on android development. The Coin Market API was used in this app: (https://coinmarketcap.com/api/documentation/v1/).

## Knowledge used
- Consume REST APIs
- Handling of possible errors in the API response call
- Native animation for lists
- RecyclerView with list with the first item different from the others and the RecyclerView Adapter
- SharedPreferences for data persistence
- Code versioning here on GitHub
- Full Kotlin project with comprehensive use of resources of the language
- Object-oriented programming with Kotlin
- Image rendering with Fresco
- Conversion of photos to webP specifically for efficient loading of images online, presenting smaller yet more visually-pleasing pictures
- Manipulation of the Manifest.xml file for access access, theme configuration and screens
- Koin for Dependecy Injection
- Coroutines to simplify code that executes asynchronously (multi-thread)
- JSON Parser to Kotlin Class (serialization and deserialization)
- Reactive programming (using observers, listeners, livedata)
- Structured project with MVVM and clean architecture using Jetpack Architecture Components
- Retrofit configuration, a type-safe HTTP client to consume RESTful web services
- Gradle dependencies configuration
- Design patterns and SOLID principles applied
- Creation of complex layouts structuring hierarchies with ConstraintLayout, ScrollView and FrameLayout in XML
- Use of the Android Studio IDE features to fix and improve code
- Manual usability testing
- Work manager to update currency prices every 15 minutes

Commit message:

update readme, icon customization, loading

README.md, after:

# Cryptus App
This is an app demonstrating some of the features that I am able to work on android development. The Coin Market API was used in this app: (https://coinmarketcap.com/api/documentation/v1/).

## Knowledge used
- Consume REST APIs
- Handling of possible errors in the API response call
- JSON animation with lottie for loader
- Native animation for lists
- RecyclerView with list with the first item different from the others and the RecyclerView Adapter
- SharedPreferences for data persistence
- Code versioning here on GitHub
- Full Kotlin project with comprehensive use of resources of the language
- Object-oriented programming with Kotlin
- Image rendering with Fresco
- Conversion of photos to webP specifically for efficient loading of images online, presenting smaller yet more visually-pleasing pictures
- Manipulation of the Manifest.xml file for access access, theme configuration and screens
- Unit tests using Mockito, Koin and coroutines resources
- Koin for Dependecy Injection
- Coroutines to simplify code that executes asynchronously (multi-thread)
- JSON Parser to Kotlin Class (serialization and deserialization)
- Reactive programming (using observers, listeners, livedata)
- Structured project with MVVM and clean architecture using Jetpack Architecture Components
- Retrofit configuration, a type-safe HTTP client to consume RESTful web services
- Gradle dependencies configuration
- Design patterns and SOLID principles applied
- UX for immersion in the world of crytocurrency and investors
- Creation of complex layouts structuring hierarchies with ConstraintLayout, ScrollView and FrameLayout in XML
- App icon customization
- Use of the Android Studio IDE features to fix and improve code
- Manual usability testing
